hello how about youtube friends I left
there is an illusion and today I bring you a new
the tutorial after my great absence
in Youtube
because I do not think how much were
four months are I had a few
inconveniences there then after them
I will explain on my page either
facebook I do not know good in the end we'll have
Of course this is going to be very short since I
I have a lot of time and I wanted
do it all at once because I just got
return to my computer
I had damaged the screen and good
I want to do it short previous after
something I do not know
it may be of your interest depends good
we understand that after
well, we won
as the title says and says
I'm going to teach you how to remove the
password in an easy way in a short
time is to remove the password is that the
brings by default in windows 8 is when
you install windows 8 you will see a menu
this you choose a password and for
defect is the current one is to be using what
you can change and everything with panel
control like in windows 7 on windows
vista windows xp and among others that here
50 is user
in all your user accounts here what
you can change the account name
put to open the account
you can change the password and all this
but what you do not give yourself of option this is
that you can remove the password and
here by default it says protected by
password and that's good to solve
this quickly we will open run
we press the keys win more ere and
here we are going to write the command that
I left in the description of the video that is
net plate guys and we will give you in
to accept
is going to open this little box here
in the box they are going to open show
the accounts that are open or that
are managing on your windows
I do not have the guest activated
metallization and windows 8 coming
being mine is the perfect one
windows 8 and the only thing we're going to do
we're not going to get more advanced or anything
here where we mark this popcorn the
let's disable that says the
users should write their name and
password to use the equipment
and good thing is that we disable it
and you're ready to mark us here, we're not going to
add or remove neither vitamin will we give
in applying here we will ask for the
windows 8 password sorry
account that we have as administrator
in my case, my password
is
and we are going to accept it because the
secret flame
we accept
and well, this is all, and if
they want to corroborate they are going to press the
keys this wing plus he's going to
react to the home screen before
to return to his sessions at -8 this and
they will see that they are not going to request
password or anything of this
well this was all a portal there are
and then there I also wanted to give them
a small recommendation well with just
to create my fan page on facebook my
official page more liza while I was
active here on youtube without presence
this month is like about two months out there
and then I would recommend them to come
go through here and give me a like
it is for this to continue with these my
videos no longer sit down so much and everything
that
Well the link I'm going to leave in the
description is the same as the link of
youtube 50 from youtube true my channel
at times but as you can see on my channel
has point of salt exists òmnium here of
salt there are points
and well here you can communicate
Free form with me and this whole scheme
to help them if they want me not to
opinions of a comment or tutorial
suggestions
well everything is accepted here on facebook and
Well on YouTube you can be clear
liking and all that roll
and also that they go through me
page
on my official official previous page
good
and then this would be all
and recommend these 3
and then I think it 's all
so they exist outside
here